Update flow-to-flow.md (#5372)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/idioms/flow-to-flow.md

Oftentimes different people are responsible for maintaining different flows; in this case it can be useful
to construct a Flow-of-Flows that specifies execution order dependencies between various Flows.  
The `wait_for_flow_run` task allows you to specify that the task should wait until the triggered flow run completes

> and reflect the flow run state as the task state [Note: executor=LocalDaskExecutor() is needed in the 'parent-flow' for sub flows to run in parallel].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and reflect the flow run state as the task state. Note that `executor=LocalDaskExecutor()` is needed in the 'parent-flow' for subflows to run in parallel.
```
